well it's the third day of worlds and
I'm joined right now by Han sir for
another interview presented by mobile it
expand huh sir I know you're excited
right I'm excited yeah it's a great day
it's a great day
so yesterday I interviewed Peter he said
I asked him if w/e was going to be a
threat or if they were gonna be harder
or more difficult than flash wolves he
said that what he had basically heard
was that w/e is either the best team or
the worst team do you feel like you
played the worst team today um no I
don't I don't think they're that bad I
you know we played better than we
normally did or at least more controlled
so there was one as chaotic a game but I
don't think W is like absolute terrible
team they don't have like super ups and
downs actually you know maybe in the
plans you know they like they were
losing really hard to lie on gaming but
maybe that's just like some mistake so
they made today I felt like they weren't
really proactive really felt like
they're really scared of us and so we
don't we definitely didn't face the
strongest version of them now what was
it like for you being on stage because
even you did the interview afterwards
obviously a lot of team w/e fans and the
audience but actually I feel like there
were a lot of TSM fans in the audience
still kelsey was talking about that
where she's it's weird that there was so
many TSM fans whenever team w so popular
bye
what was it like free being on stage
both while you're playing and you know
you did that interview afterwards on
broadcast as well it's pretty nice
even though we be like they're their
home team they're still really
supportive and they they just love
cheering they're really excited crowd
and you know like yesterday when you
play against flash wolves the TSM chants
were really loved
probably louder than like back in na and
so I was really exciting to see
especially from a Chinese audience how
do you feel about TSM right now as a
whole some people are starting to think
maybe you guys can get out sick so do
you feel like that's reasonable that's
definitely reasonable that's what we're
aiming for and I think by the end of
group stage we're gonna be number one
number two doesn't really matter but you
know we're getting progressively better
and better and you know as time goes on
think like right now even right now
we're the best team in our group but you
know we have to improve for quarter
Siamese finals so you know it's it's
just uh see where we can go from how
much I practice gives us you know in the
past I've interviewed you and during the
split you were like where you get number
one in the split see you in Boston baby
and then you guys did that and you were
like we're gonna beat we're gonna get
number one in Boston see what world's
baby yeah you got for me
my prediction guaranteed Sun funnels
okay boom there we go Sammis where's
that Shanghai yeah see you in Shanghai
okay I'm excited I'm excited to see this
that's good now the thing is I'm leaving
after Shanghai so you don't have to
worry about you don't have to worry
about Beijing okay terrible I'm sorry
okay if you guys make it to the finals I
will I will consider well it's yeah it's
hard if you guys make it to finals
because imagine if I make it to finals
you know I have three book and
everything and then you guys go you know
and hoot this would never happen but you
know what do you think is gonna happen
you are gonna win of course you're gonna
win quarters and make history by making
it two semis I'm really excited about
that
that's I'd rather make history by making
it the finals and winning but you just
said you just said Shanghai guaranteed
your even your guarantee man I mean
finals is like it's kind of a toss-up
but we don't know who are playing yet of
course so if it was SKT hundred percent
win but did you see if it's SKT hundred
percent win like you'll be it's
fenerbahçe then who fears Federer Bochy
the one that everybody's tried to dodge
you know alright so so what else is
going on with the team in China like are
you guys completely comfortable is
everything okay I know that the hotel's
pretty nice how's the team mentality
yeah I think our hotel is really nice in
terms of like ruining stuff like that
wish the food could be a little bit
better it seems like you know we've been
here for like four or five days already
and
we is like the room service and the
buffet we're getting kind of tired of
that so we're trying to find different
alternatives to getting like better food
maybe we can do order delivery the hotel
restaurant is actually quite nice but it
takes so long so that's like the main
problem with this was experience so far
but other than that everything's going
well do you ever look out of your room
in the middle of the night to see if
forgivenss down the hallway trying to
catch someone leaving in the middle I to
meet up with their girlfriend no dude
just comparing the TSM conversations for
groups last year to this one we're in a
completely different country so I think
that's not going to be a problem you
don't know he might be here secretly
keeping it we're here to keep track of
these guys yeah okay other than that any
other things besides like what's going
on in your group that is interesting to
you about worlds or it's surprising to
you or anything that you're excited
about mmm I'm excited to go to different
cities like Shanghai I'll need the
street food mmm you know when we travel
for these events international events
anything you don't really have a lot of
time to go out and experience actual
cities and maybe when we're out of the
tournament or when the tournaments done
then we can like actually experience
stuff and looking forward to that
because it's been a while since I've
been to China so I want to like you know
get to experience just like the food
again go see different things you know
there's a lot of cool places to see
pretty much everyone in China so that's
what I'm looking for - yeah are you
staying after food notice you did say
whenever I'm looking forward to it you
know I'm out so that I can so you think
you want to say to any of the NA fans
that are you know what's interesting any
fans they seem to be like everybody
keeps hyping up in a that Korean players
are hyping up in a the in a plate gently
said yesterday that they're gonna beat
SKT next week
so the any fans are terrified
okay because they're just really worried
is there anything you want to say to any
of these people who are so concerned ah
you know just believe in us don't be
don't be too worried about our
performances you know whatever happens
happens and we're trying our hardest
over here to you know take home that win
so just give us faith support us um
thanks for supporting us actually and
just just make sure that you know it
doesn't affect us like so most some of
the players like actually do read read
it and be my like get psyched out
because all of our fans are saying like
oh now they're gonna shoot the bed
on stage but you know we're trying too
hard it's like be focused and not do
that so if anything send positive vibes
yeah our way that'd be get positive
vibes thanks so much for the interview
hunts are for everyone so you can check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things worlds right here on my youtube
channel thanks so much for watching
another one of my worlds interviews I
want to give a shout out to mobile it
expired sponsor for this event they are
all about helping you identify your
personal strengths and weaknesses in
League of Legends so you can get better
and by the way they are also doing a
giveaway so check that out in the
comments and you can sign up at mobile
xgg / Travis